## I took the following notes from *The Basics of Github* page: 

Git is a distributed Version Control System (VCS), which means it is a useful tool for easily tracking changes to your code, collaborating, and sharing. 

A repository is where your project work happens--think of it as your project folder. 

You can clone a repository to create a local copy on your computer and then use Git to sync the two. 

Repositories also contain READMEs. You can add a README file to your repository to tell other people why your project is useful, what they can do with your project, and how they can use it. 

Committing and pushing are how you can add the changes you made on your local machine to the remote repository in GitHub. 

You can make a commit when you have made changes to your project that you want to “checkpoint.” 

You can also add a helpful commit message to remind yourself or your teammates what work you did 

Branches allow you to develop features, fix bugs, or safely experiment with new ideas in a contained area of your repository. 

A fork is another way to copy a repository, but is usually used when you want to contribute to someone else’s project. 

Forking a repository allows you to freely experiment with changes without affecting the original project and is very popular when contributing to open source software projects. 

When working with branches, you can use a pull request to tell others about the changes you want to make and ask for their feedback. Once a pull request is opened, you can discuss and review the potential changes with collaborators and add more changes if need be.  

Issues are a way to track enhancements, tasks, or bugs for your work on GitHub. 

Tips for Debugging: 
1) Add console.log(*with your variable here*). 
2) Copy code to this page: https://pythontutor.com/javascript.html#mode=edit and click "Visualize Execution."

// I'm just wondering why this page goes into the editing section instead of allowing us to view the page in preview?
